hey guys it's rob I'm Angie heck it's my
gamertag i just made a new map starting
yesterday it is going to take up the
entire creative i'm only going to give
you a tiny sneak peek and the reason why
that's going to have bad quality and I'm
it's going to be all messed up and slow
and jerky and the cameras going to move
in it's because i'm using one hand it's
12 in the morning and i wanted to be
sure you guys this because i didn't want
anybody taking my mac because they can
easily take it and call it their own
it's pretty much an adventure map there
is just so much on it oh my god there's
so many secrets exploring there's an
airship over there there's a city a
desert there's volts I can fall out you
gotta find them though there's hidden
chests their grenades for collectibles I
didn't want anybody stealing this map
because you know I work really hard on
it and it's not done yet the full
version is going to be released pretty
soon but it's like a video game in its
own like this isn't even just total
miner this is like a bit that there's so
much their stuff on the lava you have no
idea underground tunnels minds it's it's
pretty crazy I just wanted it here hang
on me cell phone right here I don't know
if you could see it but it says
September 12 2011 I might not have this
updated in a couple days but you can
barely see that will it have it on the
browser no but I'm pretty sure you guys
can trust me and this video should say
updated this day September 12 I may I
started making it yesterday I don't want
anybody taking my idea a lot of people
this is a cool map because i had a
couple people come in sale say how cool
this map is I this is a sneak peak
there's a maze right here this is not it
there is a lot my gamer tag is I capital
I capital I space capital MLG space
capital hack HHA ck space capital I i
I'm probably going to put it in the link
below
this map is amazing I'm going to say it
again their secrets there's volts
there's hidden chests I'm thinking about
adding spiders not sure but if you want
you you want a sneak peek at you want
the beta of this map message me on my
gamertag okay just simply message me and
if you don't have total miner just get
it okay I like Minecraft as much as the
next guy but it's it's what three bucks
not even i'm pretty sure it's less than
that yeah yeah it is less than that and
it's an amazing game sure sure sure
sounds good is actually I vengeance
better than mine craft you know I my
friend just minecraft love minecraft so
don't you know message to the bottom but
anyway it's not about the argument it's
about this awesome map yep so message me
on youtube or via xbox